So we saw that target date funds,
which are the newest thing
and the hottest thing
in retirement
invest in these days are
a simple example of
customized investment,
customized to
just one thing, right?
How old are you or
how long it is,
how long do you expect it
to be until you retire.
Take that one fact,
and out of that,
create an investment plan.
Robo-Advisors obviously
can do better than that.
They can find out much more
than just your age and they
can customize more
accurately than that.
We talked about how they could
gauge your risk
aversion by asking
targeted questions and and
customize your portfolio to that.
Of course, there's plenty
other financial goals that you
might have besides retirement.
You may have the goal
of buying house?
You want to have a goal of
buying a house and you want
to save towards
that goal as well,
and so that's something that
you can plan towards that
in a very similar fashion.
Or maybe you already
have a house.
Maybe you already own a house,
and that is another source
of your wealth,
you're the equity in your house.
Well, that's something that
a Robo-Advisor can track for you.
It's not that hard, right?
If I know where your house is,
I can go to one of
your Zillow or lots of
other sites and grab an
appraisal that moves over time.
It's going to move over time with
other transactions in
your neighborhood,
and I can report to
you what's happened to
your home equity in
the past month or so.
You could think about
how to use that fact,
how to use the fact that
you have that money.
Do you want to take some of that
out with a home equity loan?
What's the rate in
the home equity loan?
Well, that's another thing
that Robo-Advisor can
present to you and maybe
make a suggestion.
Or how about
your mortgage, right?
Should you be refinancing
your mortgage now?
Is that an opportunity
these days?
Is it worth it to refinance
your mortgage or pay it down?
What about your student loan?
You can refinance
your student loan.
There are companies that
will help you with that.
So phi that's their line of work,
helping you refinance out
of your student loan,
or maybe you don't want to
refinance out of
your student loan.
If you refinance out of
your federal student loan
into SoFi or something
else like that, well,
now you're going to lose
your opportunity to enter income
driven repayment in the future
if circumstances should change.
You'll miss the opportunity to
enter into this program
where your payment can be
reduced to 10 percent of
your disposable income
if bad times hit.
Maybe is it, how do
you think about that?
How do you think
about the lower rate
from SoFi versus losing
the opportunity to enter
into income-driven repayment
in a bad circumstance?
Those are tricky questions
on the debt side
of your household balance sheet
that Robo-Advisor can
help you think about.
Also we talked about
just a few things that
the Robo-Advisor can ask
you and bring to bear
to your portfolio.
There's all these other things
that they don't have to ask,
you they just have to watch you.
If you have my app I can
see when you use it,
I can see what kind
of events occur
in the macro economy in
the world that seem to
trigger you using it.
I can see where you click.
I can see where other people
are clicking right now.
So, I'm learning a lot,
you think you're just
looking at your app.
I'm learning about
you constantly.
I can use that in ways
that could help you,
or maybe you might think
it's not going to help you.
Maybe you think I'm going to
take advantage of you somehow.
Well, I'm not saying they won't,
but that is all potentially
useful information
that then I can potentially
bring to bear on the offers
I send your way,
the reminders I send to
you, suggestions I make.
All of that can be key to
the behavior that I observe in
you and the
contemporaneous behavior
I can see in other people
and the decisions that they make.
So, there's a real
opportunity there
real scope for big data
approach to customizing
your Robo-Advising experience.
I mentioned Social
Impact a bit back.
This is, you think about
the big trends in
investing these days.
Index funds, there's
target date funds
and the other big movement
these days is social impact,
and this is another area where
Robo-Advisors are
going to help you put
to work whatever
ethical guidelines
you want to bring to bear.
So if there are certain
industries that you don't
want to be involved in
this sense of being
being a shareholder,
well, that is something
you can articulate
what your screens are.
Don't put me in this industry.
Do put me in that industry.
Look for this behavior.
Avoid that behavior.
This is all bread and butter
for the Robo-Advisor to
easily pair down the universe
of assets they optimize over,
makes sure that this is
a universe that you
are comfortable with,
and then put that to work.
So that's another way that they
can customize
your investing experience.